# Neoflix, is a state-of-the-art web application where users can watch movies and the recommender system will suggest more movies to the user, implemented using a graph database.
# Authentication: 
Neoflix grants a separate movie viewing experience to each user done via password protected account login system. The personalized meta-data and data coming from each account will help in providing recommendations to the users. Password protected account with login, sign up. Authentication for Manager and Analyst
# User-friendly: 
The web app allows users to see a separate tab of all of his/her watched movies, making it easier to rate them. The app also allows for the user to edit his/her profile at any time making it super-flexible. For example, the user might want to change his favorite genres over time. Hence, the system allows the user to change his profile details (except username). Filters and search also make the app more user-friendly.
# Rating system: 
After watching a movie, users can give ratings from 1 to 5. Users can also edit and delete the ratings. Ratings help in giving better recommendations to the users. Simply considering if a user has watched a movie or not is not sufficient as he/she may have watched it but not liked it. So, ratings help in assessing the quality of recommendations. Every user can rate any movie he watches and can edit it any time later.
# User social network to help in recommendations: 
We have built a social network where users can follow/unfollow each other. We also provide some suggestions for the users about whom they may know/ may want to follow. There are two types of suggestions. First, we suggest the users followed by the users he/she follows. Second, we find similar users based on viewing history and ratings given by the user.
# Types of recommendations: 
First, we have two basic types of recommendations based on favorite genre and favorite actor which users can choose at time of signup and can also edit later. Second, we recommend movies based on the genre the user watched the most and gave movies in that genre higher ratings compared with users' average rating. Third, we recommend movies by finding movies most similar to the ones user rated higher compared to user's average ratings. Fourth, we find similar users by finding the movies they both watched and gave a higher rating to it and then recommend those movies which one user has watched and are not watched by the other user yet. Fifth, we recommend movies based on the movies watched by users being followed.
# Provision to add/delete data with UI: 
A Manager role has been created to add or delete movies, genres, actors, directors, tags from the database with a designated password and UI. The creation of new movies creates relationships between the new movie and it’s similar movies decided by the information entered which updates recommendations for the user.
# Analytics: 
Analytics is an important component in recommender based systems. In Neoflix, we analyze the most popular genres, actors, movies and movies among a certain age group. This information helps in getting insight into things like what kind of movies should be added to the database or which actors’ movies are more likely to be watched. This will further drive the recommendations to be more personalized, enhancing user experience.
